I hope you have a good time.
I will sing one or two songs in the Meijinkai.
It's okay to put on the poster,
but it's not easy to buy it.
I'm sorry.
There is a place I can't buy.
I'm going to the ice shop.
I'm going to buy it.
Who is going to buy ice?
I have to think about where to put the poster.
I went to Osaka the other day.
There is a poster with a traffic sign on it.
It says,
The traffic sign above is,
Wait, it's hell. Hurry, it's hell.
It's written right below that.
The funeral is a white train.
I'm busy and I can't live.
Be careful of spies.
Who is the spy?
Is it a spy or a human?
I'm a little confused.
Is the spy in your house?
Be careful of spies.
Spies and humans are the same animal.
Which one is a spy and which one is a human?
I can't tell.
So if you think the person around you is suspicious,
you're definitely wrong.
If you think so,
you can think that this person is suspicious.
Recently, when people are arguing,
there are still women who are walking around the city.
What do you think?
Maybe the clothes they wear are white,
the handbags they carry are white,
and the men they take with them are white.
There is no border in love,
so it's up to you to fall in love with any country.
But because of that,
there are more chances of being caught by spies.
The first is that women who are taken by foreigners are the only ones who are in a good shape.
Even if you don't reach out to foreigners,
there are still women who are free.
Because of that,
the situation around us is getting worse.
There are still women who are free.
In the old days,
people used to buy anything,
but now they sell it.
Now,
people are rich in everything.
The people who buy the
cheap things are the rich.
There are people who are doing business,
and there are things that are not interesting these days.
But the people who buy things are also spending money
and buying things with a lot of effort.
It's hard to say,
but as it has been,
if you say thank you every time with a smile,
I think we can live a luxurious life together.
Recently, it seems that buying things from merchants
is the same as getting things for free.
There are people who are happy to be able to buy things for tens of thousands of yen.
I'm sorry.